
# Finish Tool Setup

Ensure everyone:
* Has a terminal (vagrant/virtual box)
* Has a text editor
* Can push/pull from Github
* Has elixir-lang installed

```sh
brew cask install virtualbox
brew cask install vagrant
vagrant box add trusty64 <path-to-box>
```

---

# Intro to Git

Git is an open source program for tracking changes in text files.

https://help.github.com/articles/github-glossary/

* Clone - A clone is a copy of a repository that lives on your computer instead of on a website's server somewhere, or the act of making that copy
* Commit - A commit, or "revision", is an individual change to a file (or set of files). It's like when you save a file, except with Git, every time you save it creates a unique ID (a.k.a. the "SHA" or "hash") that allows you to keep record of what changes were made when and by who.
* Remote - This is the version of something that is hosted on a server, most likely GitHub.com.
* Pull - Pull refers to when you are fetching in changes and merging them.
* Push - Pushing refers to sending your committed changes to a remote repository such as GitHub.com.
* Branches - A branch is a parallel version of a repository. (Illustrate Master)
* Pull Requests - Pull requests are proposed changes to a repository submitted by a user and accepted or rejected by a repository's collaborators.

---

# Intro to programming

Why Elixir?

1. Elixir has a very clean and easy-to-learn syntax.
2. Doctests - Documentation as test cases
3. It's a functional programming language.

In computer science, functional programming is a programming paradigm—a style of building the structure and elements of computer programs—that treats *computation as the evaluation of mathematical functions* and avoids changing-state and mutable data.

"...calling a function f twice with the same value for an argument x will produce the same result f(x) each time"

---

# Intro to Elixir

```sh
iex

iex> 1 + 1
2
```

Load dependencies
```sh
mix deps.get
```

---

Hello World!

* Our first module and functions
* Our first tests
* Building a string

```sh
mix test test/intro_test.exs
```
---

Arithmetic
```sh
mix test test/intro/arithmetic_test.exs
```

Lab - Using our new arithmetic skills
```sh
mix test test/intro/labs/temp_test.exs
```

---

Real-world!

* Connect the sensor
* Look at sensor code
* Look at API Call: https://api.spark.io/v1/devices/55ff6f065075555352271887/temperature\?access_token\=2e4be73f31cb910ded3da53275e5236b5eb129e1
* Write code
* Pipe Operator
